README.md, before:

# Sauna World

The 'Sauna World' website is an informative page for people who want to visit our Spa/sauna facilities.

Visitors of this website will be able to find useful information about our Spa.
Opening times, price listings, contact information, furthermore, to be able to share their opinion about our services.
The website is targeted to people of all ages who are looking for leisure activities, wellness and therapeutic experiences.

Navigation:
- The Icon is located at the Top-Left of the screen entitled Sauna World.
- Located at the Top-right corner of the screen is our menu with Home, About and Contact tabs that directs users to diferent pages linked within this website.
- The links are highlighted when the cursor hovers over the selected elements, giving a more intreactive feeling to it.
// Insert picture here of the devices.

Header
- Is a background image of the common area of our Sauna area. It gives the users an idea of how our public facilities looks like.
// Insert picture here for the header

About:
- The About page gives a slightly detailed description of the Saunas we have in Spa.
- It includes icons imported from FontAwesome.

Contact:
- The about page lets users provide feedback about their experiences and services. Users are required to provide their email in order to submit their message.

Footer
- The Footer is displayed in all pages, found at the bottom of the screen with useful information for the user.
- It also includes links to the social media sites.
// Image of the Footer

Testing:
- This project was tested under Chrome DevTools, using the Device Tool bar.
- This project is responsive and displays a pleasing style to viewers.
- The Logo, Menu and overall Text is readable making use of Orbitron and Manjari fonts.
- The links work and are correctly assigned to link to a other pages.
- The Form works and users are required to input their e-mail before sending any feedback. The action is set to "#" and the method is set to "get". The first and last names are not mandatory and therefore optional.
- The website was tested for responsiveness and its viewports, under bytes.dev:
https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://tiagoma90.github.io/Portfolio-one/index.html


Validation:
- All .html and .css pages of this website were validated through https://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input and found no errors or warnings.
- All pages were scanned for Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices and SEO for both Desktop and Mobile devices under the Lighthouse function provided Chrome DevTools, with favorable scores.
*ScreenshotS*

Deployment:
- This Website was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.
The active website can be found here: https://tiagoma90.github.io/Portfolio-one/index.html

Credits

Content:
- The text on this site was written my the author of this Website.

Icons:
- The Icons displayed in this website were imported from FontAwesome.

Media:
- The media in this website was photographed by the Author of this Website.

This website depicts a fictional Sauna, with a fictional presentation of services.
The development of this project started with back and forth of experimentations.

Commit message:

introduce fade-in keyframes to the body

README.md, after:

# Sauna World

The 'Sauna World' website is an informative page for people who want to visit our Spa/sauna facilities.

Visitors of this website will be able to find useful information about our Spa.
Opening times, price listings, contact information, furthermore, to be able to share their opinion about our services.
The website is targeted to people of all ages who are looking for leisure activities, wellness and therapeutic experiences.

Navigation:
- The Icon is located at the Top-Left of the screen entitled Sauna World.
- Located at the Top-right corner of the screen is our menu with Home, About and Contact tabs that directs users to diferent pages linked within this website.
- The links are highlighted when the cursor hovers over the selected elements, giving a more intreactive feeling to it.
// Insert picture here of the devices.

Header
- Is a background image of the common area of our Sauna area. It gives the users an idea of how our public facilities looks like.
// Insert picture here for the header

About:
- The About page gives a slightly detailed description of the Saunas we have in Spa.
- It includes icons imported from FontAwesome.

Contact:
- The about page lets users provide feedback about their experiences and services. Users are required to provide their email in order to submit their message.

Footer
- The Footer is displayed in all pages, found at the bottom of the screen with useful information for the user.
- It also includes links to the social media sites.
// Image of the Footer

Testing:
- This project was tested under Chrome DevTools, using the Device Tool bar.
- This project is responsive and displays a pleasing style to viewers.
- The Logo, Menu and overall Text is readable making use of Orbitron and Manjari fonts.
- The links work and are correctly assigned to link to a other pages.
- The Form works and users are required to input their e-mail before sending any feedback. The action is set to "#" and the method is set to "get". The first and last names are not mandatory and therefore optional.
- The website was tested for responsiveness and its viewports, under bytes.dev:
https://ui.dev/amiresponsive?url=https://tiagoma90.github.io/Portfolio-one/index.html


Validation:
- All .html and .css pages of this website were validated through https://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input and found no errors or warnings.
- All pages were scanned for Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices and SEO for both Desktop and Mobile devices under the Lighthouse function provided Chrome DevTools, with favorable scores.
*ScreenshotS*

Deployment:
- This Website was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.
The active website can be found here: https://tiagoma90.github.io/Portfolio-one/index.html

Credits

Content:
- The text on this site was written my the author of this Website.
- The Fade-in transition for @keyframes on this website, was implememted following the tutorial in this blog post: https://blog.hubspot.com/website/css-fade-in#image-transition

Icons:
- The Icons displayed in this website were imported from FontAwesome.

Media:
- The media in this website was photographed by the Author of this Website.

This website depicts a fictional Sauna, with a fictional presentation of services.
The development of this project started with back and forth of experimentations.
